thought of every year in hesse today
Let's go more or less in
Mexican fishes
we fight together and what
we still rarely do this
funny names for a first product
heard but we do these little ones
has baked beef pair
as you know them from maeckes like that
how easy it is that shows me
you as always down with me in the
kitchen for my lust as before the name
for the speakers we need 125 grams
flour and 125 milliliters of water and
We make it into a batter
just lost nicely
this is a conclusive time i will
need a little shot of the water
are now maybe about 175 150
become something nice liquid
that you best yourself so perfect
be this summer and ask the ones now
just to the side and can do something
as before, it is about the same
So now come here four grams
pure beef and all the knowledge
We now pepper with salt and pepper
still if you want you can now
for the steinach or paprika I am
that I now at salt and pepper
Just lead the whole thing properly
kneaded
meet
salt and pepper and arabic
Click and just to the side put here
I have a plate here with wonderful
i have the asian motive money
do not write cheap somewhere
nice but handy now by
his beef does not live
I know so a light hand full and too
little balls dream such and that
stop is that has the beef
is used up
I do not want to be here all the time
watch
I can do that all by myself
Here I have the finished children
which ones and those are going in here now yes
Everything is beautiful in there as much as now
let's make sure that you too
all a bit of the front of the bug
get
I do this with my finger
but could also be with knife and fork
make or just which fork as well
always and now you can intercept
my case turns out in this
as a stalker at this point
is in it
Level 4 of 6 as always with me and
now the ones that just come up
let fragrant fry out
depending on which color the german
should have taken out yes which
which and even on kitchen crepe
I wanted to cool off the consumption
yes that was so fast again
easy and my shirt or pullover
already select the banana is the
meatballs this whole dark of the
born as you know it
be because I show in which bak
that one left though though
knowingly, do not make a rhyme
wanted to, I can only say taste does
At least as good for me longer
this place and appetite at
imitate weimar co